Add Atoms: Text component (#21)
PradaIng/structuraid-desktop: src/renderer/components/atoms/text/text.stories.mdx

    }}
  >
    {Template.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<Canvas>
  <Story
    name="body-small_regular"
    args={{
      as: "body-small",
      variant: "regular",
      children: "Reinforced concrete footings are structural members used to support columns and walls and to transmit and distribute their loads to the soil. The design is based on the assumption that the footing is rigid, so that the variation of the soil pressure under the footing is linear. Uniform soil pressure is achieved when the column load coincides with the centroid of the footing. Although this assumption is acceptable for rigid footings, such an assumption becomes less accurate as the footing becomes relatively more flexible."
    }}
  >
    {Template.bind({})}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Colors

> Modofying `useColor` prop we can change the color of the Text, available options:

Reviewer: just a nitpick
```suggestion
By modifying the `useColor` prop we can change the color of the Text, available options:
```

<!-- Text.stories.mdx -->

import { Canvas, Meta, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import Text from './text';

<Meta title="Atoms/Text" component={Text} />

export const Template = (args) => <Text {...args} />;

 ---

# Text - interface

> 

Reviewer: I think it's more clear if you have a `# Text` title, and then a `## Usage for App UI` and another `## Usage for Docs generation` as subtitles

Author: done!
